DMS: add support for PostgreSQL source (#1660)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/dms/index.md

DMS is in a preview state on LocalStack and only supports some selected use cases:

| Source                | Target      | Migration Types | Serverless Support   |
| -                     | -           | -               | -                    |
| MariaDB (external)    | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | N/A                  |

> | MySQL (external)      | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | N/A                  |

Reviewer: what does `N/A` mean?

| RDS MariaDB           | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | Yes                  |
| RDS MySQL             | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | Yes                  |
| S3                    | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | Not supported by AWS |
| Aurora PostgreSQL     | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | No                   |
| RDS PostgreSQL        | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | No                   |
| PostgreSQL (external) | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  | No                   |

## Serverless

> [DMS Serverless](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Serverless.html) can be used for the above mentioned supported use cases, and that are also [supported by AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Serverless.Components.html#CHAP_Serverless.SupportedVersions).

Reviewer: This sentence is confusing, I am not sure which use-cases are supported 🤔 Maybe we can change the sentence to: "[DMS Serverless](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Serverless.html) supports the use cases mentioned above, as well as those [officially supported by AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Serverless.Components.html#CHAP_Serverless.SupportedVersions)."

| RDS MariaDB        | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |
| RDS MySQL          | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |
| S3                 | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |

> | Aurora PostgreSQL  | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |
> | RDS PostgreSQL     | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Aurora PostgreSQL  | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |
| RDS PostgreSQL     | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |
| PostgreSQL (external) | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |
```

You'll probably need to align the table again 😅 as PostgreSQL external is pretty long. Not sure if the linter does that

## Serverless

> [DMS Serverless](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Serverless.html) can be used for the MariaDB and MySQL sources and kinesis target in LocalStack.

Reviewer 2: Question: Should we update the table to indicate Serverless support instead? This feels not too clear. It might be easier to have 3 symbols: non supported by AWS/non applicable (S3 and externally managed databases), non supported by LocalStack (all RDS/Aurora Postgres), supported, or something like that?

For S3 as a source, only the first 1000 files of a table in a bucket are considered for migration.

> For PostgreSQL as a source, currently `BeforeImageSettings` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For PostgreSQL as a source, the `ReplicationTaskSettings.BeforeImageSettings` parameter is not supported.
```
